  - HX711_Basic_Example: this is used to test if your loadcells are registering. i used this to test my wiring before i permanently attatched everything. all you need for this sketch is to change the pins for what you attatched your hx711 to. if your HX711 Data is to pin 2 and CLK is to pin 3 then set those variables in the sketch. after this you can load it onto the teensy board, and see in the serial print the numbers. their gonna be in the thousands, its just a raw number so dont worry about the values. this is just to test that the numbers show up or move. if the serial moniter shows "HX711 Not Found" then you have a wiring issue. make sure the hx711 VCC and VDD are bridged on the hx711 and that the hx711 is getting 5v not 3v.
  - HX711_Joystick_Example: this is to test that your stick is registering as a joystick. make sure your teensy board is set to "Keyboard Mouse Serial Joystick" in the tools menu, and upload the sketch, making sure the pins are corresponding to each Data And CLK on the HX711s. then in the bottom of your computer search in the search bar "joy.cpl" from there you should be able to see the "keyboard Mouse Serial Joystick" in that menu. click on it, and select properties. then Calibrate. follow that manu and you should be able to see the joysticks registering.
  - Grip_Mux_Example: this sketch is to test the multiplexors, and that their working. wire the multiplexors up to the board, and change the values in the sketch so that they are correctly corresponding. then upload the sketch and you should see in the serial moniter a ton of Zeros. when you press one of the button, a 1 will switch into the place of the Zeros. test that this happens for every switch. once this is done, your stick is fully functional. you just have to peice it together
  - Final_Joy: this is the final sketch combining all of the Multiplexors and the HX711s.
